---
title: About
---

<img src="/images/nmattia.jpg" style="float:right;width:250px;padding:30px" />
I'm Nicolas Mattia, a software engineer based in Zurich, Switzerland. I work at
[Tweag I/O](http://tweag.io), a software innovation lab based in Paris. We
develop and implement tailored solutions for clients from various domains,
focusing on functional programming and distributed systems. I've worked on
providing reproducible environments for large HPC systems, on data inference
and a web sharing platform for pharmaceutical data, on new programming
techniques for distributed computations for a European Horizon 2020 funded
research project and much more.

Prior to joining [Tweag I/O](http://tweag.io), I spent some time in London
working as a platform engineer at [Pusher](http://pusher.com), a message
delivery platform. My tasks included working on the company's new low-latency
distributed platform, as well as designing and implementing a system for
measuring and reporting the platform's performance.

Before entering the world of industrial software I studied electrical
engineering. I started a BA in Micro-Engineering at the [Swiss Federal
Institute of Technology](http://www.epfl.ch) in Lausanne in the French part of
Switzerland, which I completed during an Erasmus year at the [Technical
University of Vienna](https://www.tuwien.ac.at/en/). I completed my studies at
the [Swiss Federal Instute of Technology](http://www.ethz.ch) in Zurich with a
Master's Degree in Control Theory.

For a condensed version of my experience, have a look at my
[resume][resume-html] (or download the [PDF version][resume-pdf]).

[resume-html]: ./resume.html
[resume-pdf]: ./resume.pdf
